---
layout: essay
type: essay
published: true
title: SE to the MAN  to the TICS, you already know SEMANTIC UI!!!!!
date: 2016-10-06
labels:
  - UI Frameworks
  - Semantic UI
  - Easy approach
---

At first learning the new language of HTML and CSS was really stressful and quite confusing. But after doing the assigned WoDs and reviewing the different types of HTML functions I was slowly able to grasp the language.  With basic HTML functions it was still very difficult to produce an adequate looking webpage. But with the help of Semantic UI, producing items and symbols and aligning them to be centered, would be as easy as adding the word centered in the name of the class.

Semantic is a development framework that helps create, simple, symmetric, and beautiful layouts using the basics of HTML give the developer plenty of useful classes and functions.  Just as every programming language requires time and practice, the same applies to Semantic UI.

At first learning Semantic UI was very frustrating and difficult but reviewing the countless classes from the Semantic UI MAN page as well as watching the pluralsight on Semantic UI 2.0 really helped me understand the concepts. I have never used any other framework thus having a fresh outlook on Semantic UI.  I found that going to Amy’s WoD to be super beneficial. Being that Amy creates her WoDs similar to the ones we are assigned in the class as well as the homework, I feel that being in a environment that influences students to ask questions and learn from another student to be a great tool for learning.
