---
layout: essay
type: essay
published: true
title: What up I'm Daniel
date: 2016-08-28
labels:
  - about me
---

What up, I'm Daniel. 

I was born and raised in Oahu and I am an second-generation Korean American. I always grew up with technology, either playing with them or breaking them to see what inside.  I have a strong interest in the technology thats developing all around us, but I am struggling to find a passion/motivation.  Being in school for so long has really burned me out, but I hope that with the classes I am taking this semester I'll pull out of this lax state and become the passionate and thriving individual. I am currently taking an Algorithms (311), Korean (201), this class (314), and a Directed reading and research. Being that I am a novice programmer I hope that by taking algorithms I'll be able to grasp the concepts and therefore making me into a stronger and efficient programmer. Being that I only speak Korean with my family and some friends, my reading/writing is very elementary. For the Korean 201 class I hope that it will prepare me for when I go to Korea as an exchange student. I hope that by taking a directed reading and research class, I'll be able to find something that'll be motivated and help me find what my focus area in the ICS program. By taking this class I hope that I'll be able to prepare myself for a promising career opportunity.

I am very worried about dealing with the stresses of school. I find myself to be very anxious and sometimes depressed when I am over burdened with work and assignments.

I enjoy playing games and exploring new enviroments. 

-Shoots
